You know me. Not big with the damsel-
ing. Okay. I'm basked. What are you
doing here? I can already tell you, I don't have
anything that goes with this. Did anybody ever tell
you that the whole smelling everybody
thing is a little gross? I'm not done baking yet. I'm not
finished becoming... whoever the hell
it is I'm gonna turn out to be. I've
been looking for someone to make me
feel whole, and maybe I just need to
be whole. I make it through this,
and the next thing, and the next...
maybe one day I turn around and 
realize I'm ready. I'm cookies. And
then if I want someone to eat m --
or, to enjoy warm delicious cookie-
me, then that's fine. That'll be
then. When I'm done. I found out it slices, dices and
makes julienne Preacher. I cut him in half. I'm not gonna
lie, it was pretty neat. One of these days, I'm just gonna put
you two in a room and let you rassle
it out. Dawn should do a research thing. I hate being here. I hate that you
have to be here. I hate that there's
evil, that it's growing, and I hate
that I was chosen to fight it.
I wish, a whole lot of the time, that
I hadn't been.I know a lot of you wish I hadn't
been either. But this isn't about wishes. This is
about choices. I never had one. I
was chosen. And I accept that. I'm
not asking you to accept anything.
I'm asking you to make your own
choice. I believe we can beat this
evil -- not when it comes, not after
its army is ready, but now. Tomorrow
morning I'm opening the Seal. I'm
going down into the Hellmouth and I'm
going to finish it once and for all. I've got strong allies: warriors,
charms, sorcerers, and I'll need them
all. But I'll also need you. Every
single one of you. So now you're
asking yourself. What makes this
different? What makes us anything more
than a bunch of girls getting picked
off one by one? It's true none
of you has the power Faith and
I have. I think both of us would
have to die for a new Slayer to be
called, and we can't even be sure
that girl is in this room. That's
the rule. So here's the part where
you make a choice. What if you could have that power?
Now. All of you. In every
generation one Slayer is born because
a bunch of guys that died thousands
of years ago made up that rule. They
were powerful men.
(points to Willow)
This woman is more powerful than all
of them combined. So I say we change
the rules. I say my power should be
our power. Tomorrow Willow will use
the essence of this scythe, that
contains the energy and history of so
many Slayers, to change our destiny.
From now on, every girl in the world
who might be a Slayer, will be a
Slayer. Every girl who could have
the power, will have the power. Who
can stand up, will stand up. Every
one of you, and girls we've never
known, and generations to come...
they will have strength they never
dreamed of, and more than that, they
will have each other. Slayers.
Every one of us. Make your choice.
Are you ready to be strong? And by the way, cat-shoes? I mean, 
what is that? You look good. I mean, I saw you 
last night, but sometimes things change 
real quick. I mean, really quickly. 
Listen to me, I'm talking like Faith. Not that she was so bad to have 
around. Before the evil. I think she 
was hurting a lot. Some people, 
protective-type people, might be 
drawn to that, I guess. I can't shut it out, Giles. I mean, it's 
like this... invasion of my head - 
strangers walking around in there. 
Look at this, I can't even be around 
people. Not that they're clamoring 
to be near me now anyway. Even you. I don't think about you much at all. 
Most people here don't. Bugs you, 
doesn't it? You've got all this pain, 
all these feelings and nobody's 
paying attention. I'm sorry, I was wrong. You are an idiot. My life happens very occasionally to 
suck beyond the telling of it. More than 
I can stand sometimes. And not just me. 
Every single person down there is 
ignoring your pain because they're way 
too busy with their own. The beautiful 
ones, the popular ones, the guys that 
pick on you... everyone. If you could hear what they're feeling, the confusion, the loneliness... It looks 
quiet down there. It's not. It's deafening. Yeah. I mean, we talked, and he 
ripped the heart out of a demon 
and fed it to me, and later we talked 
some more. It's nice to be able to help someone in 
a non-slaying capacity. But he's starting 
to get that look, like he's gonna ask me 
to the prom. Sure. We can work out after school. 
You know, if you're not too busy 
HAVING SEX WITH MY MOTHER! Well, I wasn’t! It’s my first day. I was afraid that I’d be behind in all the classes, that I wouldn’t 
make any friends, that I’d have last month’s hair. I didn’t think there would be vampires
on campus. And I don’t care. To make you a vampire they have to suck your blood and then you have to suck their blood, it’s a
whole big sucking thing. Mostly they’ll just take all your blood and then you just die – why am I
still talking to you? Prepares me for what? For getting kicked out of school? Losing all my friends? Having to spend
all my time fighting for my life and never getting to tell anyone because it might endanger
them? Go ahead. Prepare me. Oh, please. Look at his jacket. He’s got the sleeves rolled up. And the shirt… Deal with that
outfit for a moment. It’s carbon dated! Trust me: only someone who’s been living underground for ten years would
think that was the look. You know, I just wanted to start over. Be like everybody else. Have some friends, maybe a dog…
But no. You had to come here. You couldn’t go suck on some other town. Me too! Yes I went hunting last 
night and it's awfully sweet of you 
to ask. Giles, CARE. I'm putting my life
on the line, battling the undead!
I broke a nail, okay? I'm wearing
a press-on. The least you could
do is exhibit some casual interest. So that's it, huh? My time is up. 
I remember the drill. "One Slayer 
dies, the next is called." I 
wonder who the next one is.
Are you gonna train her? Or will 
they send someone else. Tell me my fortune! You're so 
useful, sitting around with your 
books. You're really a lot of help. I don't care. I'm sixteen years 
old. And I don't want to die. What can I say? I flunked the 
written. I don't. I mean, I'll miss stuff, but 
graduating just isn't that big of a deal 
to me. You get a piece of paper and 
nothing changes. I don't even think 
I'm gonna go. Ascension? Mayor becoming demon, 
snacking upon populace? I was 
planning to fight him. The Mayor at graduation. A hundred 
helpless kids to feed on. He got any 
other surprises for us? Mom, graduation is a pointless ceremony 
where you sit around and listen to boring 
speeches till you get a little piece of paper 
that says you graduated which you already 
know and dark blue does nothing for my 
complexion so don't argue, okay? Well, I looked through it, and the only 
things I understood were the commas. 
I'm gonna take some of this stuff to 
Giles, see if he can do better. Of course not! You show up at the prom 
and then just disappear into the ozone. 
I didn't even know if you were still in town. I know. World in peril and we've got 
to work together. Well, this is my last 
office romance, I'll tell you that. Great. And all we need is a million 
tons of burning lava. We're saved. I'm talking about watching my lover 
die. I have no clue what you're talking 
about and I do not care. I don't think I'm gonna be taking any 
more orders. Not from you. Not from them. Go and tell them that until the next 
Slayer shows up they can close up shop. 
I'm not working for them anymore. As justice goes, it's not unpoetic. 
Don't you think? Yep. Me. And I picked up dinner.
Deep fried chicken parts. I mean, I thought it might be weird
being back. And, it is, a little
but it's a good kind of weird. Flow-going might be easier if your
classmates weren't all big brains. Maybe I should ease back in with some 
nice, breezy, non-taxing classes. 
Like “Introduction to Pies.” Or
“Advanced Walking.” Look, it’s okay. Just have to do a 
little more reacclimating than I 
thought. You know, get back up to 
speed so I can catch up to-- Oof! Diving right into the work force. 
Being the breadwinner. Building 
things with my hands. Well, I appreciate it. Muchly. You 
saved me from having to accept Giles’ 
offer to work at the magic shop. 
Gaaah. I’d rather be dead. Again. Well, he implied it might have 
been stress related. Like I imagined 
it or something. I don’t know. Maybe...
I guess I could’ve been blacking out. 
Although I did find this thing stuck 
to my sweater that went poof. Or 
blew away. Could’ve been lint. I can’t help where the forces of 
darkness attack me, Xander. What?! You-- You were huddled in the
corner. Crying. Like a baby. Is this all for research? Or some
kind of stress test for the table? Can I help you? Oh, I saw one downstairs, but it was
kinda hairy. Probably a Daddy Hand. Petrified Hamsters, the Dagger of
Lex, eyeballs in honey, Mummy hand. And you get the Dagger of Lex for 
free. See the inlaid pearl there, 
um, under the oozing black goo? It’s playing dead. Little scamp.  Anya, I could explain. But you’d
just forget it. Yes! And then I’m gonna marry Bob
Dole and raise penguins in Guam. Mummy Hand, right? You got it, lady. If you like slug, go with the slug.
She’s not gonna sleep with you anyway. Thanks for shopping at the Magic Box! Are there drinks in your world? Your motorcycle is loud. You wanna play, that’s fine. I’m 
sticking to the plan. Who do I kill 
first to get information? Kittens?! You’re playing for kittens? I’m not getting into a bar fight! 
I’ll beat ‘em up for information, great! 
But not to defend your right to
gamble for kittens! Which, by the 
way, is a stupid currency! For a second there I actually turned
completely inside out. But yeah, better. No, it completely is. Because I let 
it set the rules. And even worse, I 
let all you guys do the same thing! 
Do this thing, be this way, blah blah. The nice people at the phone company
seem to think it’s not hard enough. Wanna be my shiftless absentee father? One time deal to help out. And I
mean straight time -- no loop de loop
mummy hand repeato vision. Where's
the Mandrake root? These
Mandrake roots aren't gonna get up
the stairs themselves. So much easier to talk to when he
just wanted to kill me.